And hence, we find the same sort of clumsiness in the timets of Plato, which characterizes the philosophical poem of Lucretius. There is a one-of-flow, an often a defect of rhythm. The meaning is sometimes obscure, and there is a greater use of opposition and more of repetition than occurs in Plato's earlier writings. Plato had not the command of his materials, which would have enabled him to produce a perfect work of art. Under the simple test of effectiveness for advertising, we should expect to find leisure and the conspicuous consumption of goods, dividing the field of pecuniary emulation pretty evenly between them at the outset. But the actual course of development has been somewhat different from this ideal scheme. Leisure held the first place at the start and came to hold a rank fair amount to buff wasteful consumption of goods. Both as a direct exponent of wealth and as an element in the standard of decency during the quasi-peasable culture. Other circumstances permitting that instinct disposes men to look with favour upon productive efficiency and on whatever is of human use. A reconciliation between the two conflicting requirements is affected by a resort to make believe. Men in intricate polite observances and social duties of a ceremonial nature are developed. Many organizations have found it with some species object of emelioration and bothered in their official style and title. There is much coming and going and a deal of talk. To the end that the talk is may not have a occasion to reflect on what is the effectual economic value of their traffic. The salient features of this development of domestic service have already been indicated. throughout the entire evolution of conspicuous expenditure, whether of good sort of services or human life, runs the obvious implication that in order to effectively mend the consumers good fame, it must be an expenditure of superfluities. As used in the speech of everyday life, the word carries an undertone of deprecation.