Hesterprin went one day to the mansion of Governor-Bellingham with a pair of gloves which she had furnished and embroidered to his order, in which were to be worn on some great occasion of state. For, though, the chances of a popular election had caused this former ruler to descend a stepper to from the highest rank. He still held an honorable and influential place among the colonial majesty. Other and far more important reason than the delivery of a pair of embroidered gloves impaled Hester at this time to seek an interview with a percentage of so much power and activity in the affairs of the settlement. At that epic of pristine simplicity, however, matters have even slider public interest and of far less intrinsic weight than the welfare of Hester and her child were strangely mixed up with the deliberations of legislators and acts of state. The period was hardly, if at all, earlier than that of our story, when a dispute concerning the right of property in a pig, not only caused a fierce and bitter contest in the legislative body of the colony, but resulted in an important modification of the framework itself of the legislature. We have spoken of Pearls' rich and luxurious beauty, a beauty that's shown with deep and vivid Tints, a bright complexion, eyes possessing intensity, both of depth and glow, and hair already of a deep glossy brown, and which in after years would be nearly akin to black. It was the scarlet letter in another form, the scarlet letter endowed with life. The mother herself, as if the red, economicity were so deeply scorched into her brain that all her her conceptions assumed its form, had carefully wrought out the similitude, lavishing many hours of morbid ingenuity to create an analogy between the object of her affection and the emblem of her guilt and torture. But in truth, Pearl was the one as well as the other, and only in consequence of that identity, had heather contrived so perfectly to represent the scarlet letter in her appearance. Come therefore and let us fling mud at them. But Pearl, who was a don'tless child, after frowning, stamping her foot and shaking her little hand with a variety of threatening gestures, suddenly made a rush at the knot of her enemies and put them all to flight.