But there is always a stronger sense of life when the sun is brilliant after rain. And now he is pouring down his beams and making sparkles among the wet straw. And lighting up every patch of vivid green moss on the red tiles of the cow shed. And turning even the muddy water that is hurring along the channel to the drain into a mirror for the yellow-billed ducks who are seizing the opportunity of getting a drink with as much body in it is possible. For the great barn doors are thrown wide open and men are busy there, mending the harness, under the superintendents of Mr. Gobi, the Woodaw, otherwise saddler, who entertains them with the latest, trellist and gossip. Heddy Sourall often took the opportunity when her aunts back was turned, of looking at the pleasing reflection of herself in those polished services. For the oak table was usually turned up like a screen and was more for ornament than for use. And she could see herself sometimes in the great round, pewter dishes that were arranged on the shelves above the long, deal, dinner table, or in the hobs of the great which always shown like Jasper. Do not suppose, however, that Mrs. Poiser was elderly or shrewish in her appearance. She was a good-looking woman, not more than 8 and 30, a fair complexion and sandy hair, while shaping, light-footed. The family liked this between her and her niece Dynamores, with a contrast between her keenness and dinosaur-sirrific gentleness of expression, might have served a painter as an excellent suggestion for a Martha and Mary. Her tongue was not less keen than her eye, and whenever a damsel came within your shot, seemed to take up an unfinished lecture, as a barrel organ takes up a tune, precisely at the point where it had left off. The fact that it was churning day was another reason why it was inconvenient to have the widows, and why, consequently, Mrs. Poiser should scold Molly the housemate with unusual severity. While appearance, Molly had got through her after dinner work in an exemplary manner. Had cleanser self with great dispatch, and now came to ask submissively if she should sit down to her spinning till milking time. Spinning indeed. I never knew your equals for gallowsness.