Just then Leo Kedia came to herself, and embracing the cross seemed changed into a sea of tears, and the gentleman remaining in out of her willement, until his wife had repeated to him from beginning to end, Leo Kedia's whole story, and he believed it, through the blessed dispensation of heaven which had confirmed it by so many convincing testimonies. So persuasive were her entreaties, and so strong her assurances that no harm whatever could resolve to them, from the information she sought. They were induced to confess that one summer's night, the same she had mentioned, themselves and another friend being out on a stroll with Rudolfo. They had been concerned in the adoption of a girl whom Rudolfo carried off, whilst the rest of them detained her family, who made a great outcry and would have defended her if they could. For God's sake, my lady mother, give me a wife who would be an agreeable companion, not one who will discuss me so that we may both bear evenly and with mutual goodwill, the yoke imposed on us by heaven, instead of pulling this way and that way and fritting each other to death. Her bearing was graceful and animated, she let her son by the hand, and before her walked two maids with wax lights and silver candlesticks, all rose to do her reverence, as if something from heaven had miraculously appeared before them. But gazing on her and trans with admiration, not one of them was able to address a single word to her. She reflected how near she stood to the crisis, which was to determine whether she was to be blessed or unhappy forever, and racked by the intensity of her emotions, she suddenly changed color. Her head dropped and she fell forward in a soon into the arms of the dismayed Estafaña. His mother had left her to him as being her distant protector, but when she saw that he too was insensible. She was near making a third and would have done so had he not come to himself. No then, son of my heart, that this fainting lady is your real bride. I say real because she is the one whom you father and I have chosen for you, and a portrait was a pretense. Just at the moment, when the tears of the pitying beholders flowed fastest, and there There are ejaculations where most expressive of despair, the O'Kadia gave signs of recovery, and brought back gladness through the hearts of all, when she came to her senses, and blushing to find herself and ridolph as arms, would have disengaged herself. No, Sinura, he said, that must not be strive not to withdraw from the arms of him who holds you in his soul.