With these and some reinforcements of the Atholmen and McDonald's whom he had recalled, Montrose fell suddenly upon our Giles' country, and let loose upon it all the rage of war, carrying off the cattle, burning the houses, and putting the inhabitants to the sword. This severity by which Montrose solid his victories was the result of private animosity against the Chieftain, as much as of zeal for the public cause. Our Gile collecting 3,000 men marched in quest of the enemy, who had retired with their plunder, and he lay at inner loki, supposing himself still at a considerable distance from them. By a quick and unexpected march, Montrose hastened to Innerlokki and presented himself in order of battle before the surprise but not a frightened covenantos. His conduct and presence of mind in this emergence appeared conspicuous. Montrose, weak in cavalry, here lined his troops of horse with infantry, and after putting the enemy's horse to route, fell with united force upon their foot, who were entirely cut in pieces, now with the loss of the gallant Lord Gordon on the part of the royalists. From the same men, new regiments and new companies were formed. Different officers appointed, and the whole military force put into such chance as the independence could rely on. Besides members of Parliament who were excluded, many officers unwilling to serve under the new generals through up their commissions, and then wearily facilitated the project of putting the army entirely into the hands of that faction. Though the discipline of the former parliamentary army was not contemptible, a more exact plan was introduced and rigorously executed by these new commanders. Valor, indeed, was very generally diffused over the one party, as well as the other. During this period, discipline also was attained by the forces of the Parliament, but the perfection of the military art in concerting the general plans of action and the operations of the field seems still on both sides to have been in a great measure wanting. Historians, at least, perhaps from their own ignorance and inexperience, have not remarked anything but a headlong impetus conduct, each party hurrying to a battle, where valor and fortune chiefly determine the success.