Eliza closed the door behind her with a decided slam and a key clicked in the lock. To celebrate the arrival of her son, Sylvia gave a splendid supper to which she had invited all her relatives and it was a good opportunity for me to make their acquaintance. Without saying it positively, she made me understand that being herself and illustrious member of the Republic of Letters she was well aware that she was speaking to an insect. In order to please her, I spoke to her of the Abbey Conti, and I had occasion to quote two lines of that profound writer. Madame corrected me with a patronizing air for my pronunciation of the word, Scavra, which means divided, saying that it ought to be pronounced, Skiura, and she added that I ought to be very glad to have learned so much on the first day of my arrival in Paris, telling me that it would be an important day in my life. Her face was an enigma, for it inspired everyone with the warmest sympathy, and yet, if you examined it attentively, there was not one beautiful feature. She could not be called handsome, but no one could have thought her ugly. Silvia was the adoration of France, and her talent was the real support of all the comedies, the greatest authors wrote for her, especially of the plays of Marrivo. For without her, his comedies would never have gone to prosperity. Sylvia did not think that her good conduct was a merit. For she knew that she was virtuous only because herself loved compelled her to be so, and she never exhibited any pride or assumed any superiority towards her theatrical sisters. All those satisfied to shine by their talent or their beauty, they cared little about rendering themselves conspicuous by their virtue. Two years before her death, I saw her perform the character of Mary Ann in the comedy of Maravot, and in spite of her age and declining health, the illusion was complete. She was honorably buried in the church of Saint-Savare, without the slightest opposition from the venerable priest who far from sharing the anti-Christian intolerance of the clergy in general said that her profession as an actress had not hindered her from being a good Christian, and that the earth was a common mother of all human beings. As Jesus Christ had been the the savior of all mankind.