We believe in a literal resurrection, and an actual year after, in which future states shall be recognized every sanctified and authorized relationship existing here on Earth. Of parent and child, brother and sister, husband and wife. It has been my privilege to tread the soil of many lands, to observe the customs and study the habits of more nations than one. And I have yet to find the place and meet the people, wherein with whom the purity of man and woman has held more precious than among the maligned Mormons in the mountain valleys of the West. At the inception of Burl-Marriage among the Latter-day Saints, there was no law, national or state against its practice. In 1862, a law was enacted with a purpose of suppressing Burl-Marriage, and has been predicted in the National Senate prior to its passage, it lay for many years at Dead Letter. General judges and United States attorneys in Utah who were not Mormons nor lovers of Mormonism refused to entertain complaints or prosecute cases under the law because of its manifest injustice and inadequacy. This meant that for an alleged misdemeanor for which Congress prescribed a maximum penalty of six months imprisonment and a fine of $300. A man might be imprisoned for life. I, for many terms of immense natural life, did the courts power to enforce its sentences extend so far, and might be fined millions of dollars. Before this travesty on the administration of law could be brought before the court of last resort, and they're met with the reversal and review it deserved, men were imprisoned under sentence of many years duration. The people contested these measures one by one in the courts, presenting in case after In case, the different phases of the subject and urging the unconstitutionality of the measure, then the church was disincorporated, and its property was real and personal, confiscated and esciated to the government of the United States. And although the personal property was soon restored, real estate of great value longlaying the hands of the courts receiver, and the Mormon church had to pay the national government high rental on its own property. And so the story of Mormonism runs on. Its finale has not yet been written. The current press presents continuously, new stages of its progress, new developments of its plan.