If any still retain Rancor against him, in his present condition, they passed in silence. While his well-wishers more generous than prudent, accompanied his march with tears, with acclimations and with prayers for his safety. His death in this conjuncture was a public misfortune. Though thrown into prison for this enterprise and detained some time, he was not discouraged, but still continued by his countenance and protection to infuse spirit into the distressed royalists. Among other persons of distinction who united themselves to him was Lord Napier of merchants. Sun of the famous inventor of the logarithms, the person to whom the title of a great man is more justly due than to any other whom his country ever produced. While the former foretold that the Scottish covenanters were secretly forming a union with the English Parliament, and inculcated the necessity of preventing them by some vigorous undertaking. The latter still insisted that every such attempt would precipitate them into measures to which otherwise they were not perhaps inclined. The King's ears were now open to Montrose's councils, who proposed none but the boldest and most daring, agreeably to the desperate state of the Royal Cours in Scotland. 500 men more, who had been levied by the Covenantors, were persuaded to embrace the Royal Cours, and with this combined force he hastened to attack Lord Elco, who lay at Perth with an army of 6,000 men, assembled upon the first news of the Irish invasion. During this superior power of Argail, who having joined his vessels to a force levied by the public, was approaching with a considerable army. Montrose hastened northward in order to rouse again the marquee of Huntley and the Gordon's, who having before hastily taken arms, had been instantly suppressed by the covenanters. This nobleman's character though celebrated for political courage and conduct was very low for military prowess, and after some skirmishes in which he was worsted, he here allowed Montrose to escape him. By quick marches through these inaccessible mountains, that general freed himself from in the superior forces of the Covenantors.